#summary Describes the manual steps necessary for testing the web application.
=0. Before you start=
 * Ensure you clear the datastore by starting the development server with option `--clear_datastore`.
 * Ensure you open a new browser instance.
 * Ensure that you have at least the following browsers available for testing:
  * Internet Explorer 8+
  * Firefox 3+
  * Google Crome 2+
  * Safari 7+
=1. Home page=
Access [http://localhost:8080]

_Expected:_ Page with NoteSafe information is displayed. `Notes` button is displayed in right-top corner.
==1.1. Authentication==
Click `Notes` button.

_Expected:_ Developer sign in prompt is displayed.

Select `Logout`.

_Expected:_ Home page is displayed again.

Select `Notes`.

_Expected:_ Developer sign in prompt is displayed.

Select `Login`.

_Expected:_ Terms and Conditions are displayed.

==1.2. Terms and Conditions==
Select `Home`.

_Expected:_ Home page is displayed.

Select Notes

_Expected:_ Terms and Conditions are displayed.

Select Accept
 
_Expected:_ Notes page with no notes is displayed.

Select Home

_Expected:_ Home page

==1.3 Notes==
Select Notes

_Expected:_ Notes page with no notes is displayed.

==1.4. Add new note=
Select Add

_Expected:_ New note page is displayed.<br>
_Expected:_ Save button should be underlined in red.

Select Save

_Expected:_ General error message should be displayed indicating that there are multiple errors.<br>
_Expected:_ Error message should be displayed for the name field indicating that the name is mandatory.<br>
_Expected:_ Error message should be displayed for the password field indicating that the password is mandatory.<br>
_Expected:_ Error message should be displayed for the confirm password field indicating that the confirm password is mandatory.<br>
_Expected:_ Warning message should be displayed for the clear text field that the clear text is empty.

Click on the cross of the general validation message.

_Expected:_ All validation messages should be cleared.

Set the focus to the name field.

_Expected:_ Information message with maximum length should appear under the name field and stay there.

Enter `TestTestTestTestTest1` as name and wait a few seconds.<br>
_Expected:_ Error message should be displayed indicating that the name can't longer than 20 characters.

Enter `Text 1` as name.<br> 

_Expected:_ Information message with maximum length should appear under the name field and stay there.

Select Save

_Expected:_ No validation error or warning should be displayed for the name field but all other validation messages should be displayed as before.

Click on the cross of the general validation message.

_Expected:_ All validation messages should be cleared.

Enter `notsafe` as password and wait for a few seconds.

_Expected:_ Error message should be displayed indicating that the password is not safe.

Enter `NotSafe!` and wait for a few seconds.

_Expected:_ Warning message should be displayed indicating that the password is not safe.

Enter `NowWeAreTalking!!!' and wait for a few seconds.

_Expected:_ No validation message should be displayed.

Focus on the confirmation password and wait for a few seconds.

_Expected:_ Error message should be displayed indicating that the confirmation password doesn't match the password.

Enter `NotSafe!` and wait for a few seconds.

_Expected:_ Error message should be displayed indicating that the confirmation password doesn't match the password.

Enter `NowWeAreTalking!!!` and wait for a few seconds.

_Expected:_ No validation messages should be displayed.
_Expected:_ The password fields should be hidden.
_Expected:_ The `Master password cached.` should appear.
_Expected:_ A warning message should appear at the top indicating that all unsaved data will be cleared in 30 seconds. Please note that the timeout is set to 30 seconds only in development. It is several minutes in the production environment.
_Expected:_ An Ajax message is sent to the server with the encrypted key (see `Technical information` section).

Wait for 30 seconds.

_Expected:_ Warning message should be displayed that all unsaved sensitive data has been cleared.
_Expected:_ The bar stating that the master password is cached should disappear.
_Expected:_ The password field should appear.

Click `Save`.

_Expected:_ An error message should appear stating that the password can't be empty.

Enter `NowWe` as password and wait several seconds.

_Expected:_ An error message should appear that the password is not correct.

Click `Save`.

_Expected:_ An error message should appear that the password is not correct.

Enter `NowWeAreTalking!!!` as password and wait for a few seconds.

Expected:_ No validation messages should be displayed.
_Expected:_ The password fields should be hidden.
_Expected:_ The `Master password cached.` should appear.
_Expected:_ A warning message should appear at the top indicating that all unsaved data will be cleared in 30 seconds. Please note that the timeout is set to 30 seconds only in development.
_Expected:_ The `Clear text` field should be in edit mode, i.e. show the `Read` button and and a text area.

Click `Save`.

_Expected:_ A general warning message at the top should appear stating that there are warnings.
_Expected:_ A warning message should appear near `Clear text` stating that the text is empty.

Click on the cross of the general warning message.

_Expected:_ The general warning message should disappear.

Click `Save`.

_Expected:_ A general warning message at the top should appear stating that there are warnings.
_Expected:_ A warning message should appear near `Clear text` stating that the text is empty.

Click `Save` again.

_Expected:_ An information message should appear that the note has been added.
_Expected:_ The `Encrypted text` should get updated. 
_Expected:_ An Ajax message (see `Technical information` section) should be sent to the server with the encrypted text.
_Expected:_ The `Clear text` should in read mode, i.e. show the `Edit` button and no text area.

_Expected:_ 
_Expected:_ 
_Expected:_ 




